---
layout: post
title:  "The Truth"
---

I fled from the war in hopes of peace.
Escaping through glass was easy to believe.
Inward I sank, as voices melted to murmurs.
A playground of pixels to stifle the noises.
As refuge settled, I burrowed down deeper.
The unknown was dark, yet it beckoned me further.
From tunnels, to terminals, I was born without a tongue,
to wander in words, in hopes of a home.
Language can build, and language can change.
I learned to write prose through a set of commands.
From there, I paneled the world around me.
I never expected to leave.

Yet as time went on, I felt the weight of disproportion grow.
Falling in love with this world planted its foundational burden within my heart.
It's wider now than ever before.
I had to find something to fill it.

Then on a boring Wednesday afternoon, a power outage struck the office.
All the world vanished in an instance, leaving its creator alone in the reflecting void.
Face to face we saw each other like long lost friends.
He'd been living in a box, hiding from nothing, imprisoning himself.
Its time to step out of the box.
Cut the plug on this world; we don't need it.
I want to catch up on the words I only read.

Are you still reading?
There is no easy way to say this, so I'll be blunt.
I lied to you.
I'm sorry if I mislead you.
The ways I feel and the things I've said are still true.
Nonetheless, they weren't the correct truth.
You asked me "Why Linguistics?".
I only gave you one of the truths.
The truth I gave you was less relevant than the truth which would have satisfied your inquiry more distinctively.
I intentionally acted this way in order to deceive you.
In the field of Linguistics we call this <strong>"violating the maxim of relevance"</strong>.
In conversational discord this is known as _being uncooperative_.

And while we're being honest with each other, I didn't lie to you so that I could teach you that either.
I lied to you because I didn't want you to think lowly of me.
I didn't start this journey to save the world.
The world doesn't even need me here.
And if anything, tech will be our demise.
I just want to be happy.
If you're ok with that, then thank you for understanding.
And if you're still up for it, I'd love to have you accompany me on becoming a linguist.
Maybe with your help, I could become something new: A _software linguist_.

#### To summarize,
An obscure anecdote is revealed to be the allegory for the author's unintentional pursuit into software engineering.
The software crisis is revisited as a symmetric corollary to the author's own emotional imbalance.
The true motivations on becoming a linguist are focalized as the interpersonal drama for which he hopes to reconcile.
The author seeks to close the crisis gap not within software, but within himself.
