Summary:
The directories here mirror the Desktop directories of non-unilang codebases that exist on either on or off the same machines.  
We write our unilang code in these directories and they are transcompiled and transferred onto the repo (possibly over the network).  
We do this because we want to keep the UniLang files in our codebase, and avoid generated artifacts then deal with gitignoring them somehow.

Sales Pitch:
The world of UniLang is a beautiful place.  
The reality of life however, is not UniLang.  
Nonetheless, I refuse to stoop down to the poor languages of our current industry.  
I also realize its untenable to get an entire company or community to adopt my language.  
Its not worth the social effort.  I also don't think I have the skills to convince people right now.
So its clear that I must join the two worlds together.  
We write a mirrored version of a repository here in UniLang, and then there is s a transfer process
to convert UniLang to the company/community's repository.  Clearly UniLang code will need to interact/reference non-UniLang
code, and that can become a gray area / dead end for certain analysis, but its necessary as I'm injecting UniLang artifacts into other code bases.  
What if somebody changes code that was generated by UniLang?  
Again, for the time being that is a manual process of updating UniLang code.  
Seeing these changes are usually for the better though, as it helps us adapt UniLang to the needs of others.

Other Notes:
All other repositories written in any other language (besides UniLang) are insufficient for long term software engineering.
Simply put, they lack the transformation and reflective properties of a codebase written in something other than UniLang, making them not a worthwhile investment.
I would go so far as to say that writing anything in c++ or python is immediate code debt, if it is not generated through UniLang first.  
UniLang is a superset of everything.  It leverages its power by being able to adapt to any language, framework, config, etc.
And it does it in a way that is not overwhelming.  If the languages of today are coined "high level languages", then UniLang is the next
evolutionary step in effective software engineering; essentially a "higher high level language".